Currently the pipeline will only build the image for the FE.
* It will automatically build the image and deploy it to the artifact registry for Dev
However even though the image is in the artifact registry this does not mean that the cloud run instance is running that new image.

To cause the cloud run instances to use the new image you must run the following

```bash
gcloud auth login
```

```bash
gcloud config set project ml-mps-app-blue-house-d-ae9a
```
The project in this command should be the project you wish to deploy the image to. The above is the dev project. Where the test project would be a different one. 

```bash
gcloud run deploy bh-fe-us-central1 --region=us-central1 --image us-central1-docker.pkg.dev/ml-mps-apl-artreg-p-4118/blue-house/bh-site:dev-release
```
The most important thing to remember is the tag at the end of this **:dev-release** this should match the project you are deploying.

So if you were deploying to the test project

You would set your project to `ml-mps-app-blue-house-t-5dc1`

and use `:test-relase`

## Important note about the FE setup
Because Next.js needs environment variables at buildtime. But we would like to keep all the variables in Teraform (GCP) we create placeholder variables and then replace them at runtime.

You can see this in the dockerfile
```dockerfile
RUN NEXT_PUBLIC_CMS_AUTH=APP_NEXT_PUBLIC_CMS_AUTH NEXT_PUBLIC_CMS_URL=APP_NEXT_PUBLIC_CMS_URL NEXT_PUBLIC_MCC_SCOPE=APP_NEXT_PUBLIC_MCC_SCOPE NEXT_PUBLIC_MCC_TENANT_NAME=APP_NEXT_PUBLIC_MCC_TENANT_NAME NEXT_PUBLIC_MCC_KNOWN=APP_NEXT_PUBLIC_MCC_KNOWN NEXT_PUBLIC_MCC_CLIENT_ID=APP_NEXT_PUBLIC_MCC_CLIENT_ID NEXT_PUBLIC_API=APP_NEXT_PUBLIC_API SITE_URL=APP_SITE_URL yarn build
```

These are then replaced at runtime using the entrypoint.sh bash file.

This was only necessary to do once moving to Mayo's infrastructure. Since the move was done late in the project, although I don't foresee issues I would keep an eye on this process to make sure that it is not causing issues.

My worry would be that if there is not sufficient minimum instances that the spin up time for new instances would become too long. Production should have a sufficient amount of running instances tor prevent this from happening.

If you find that it is causing issues you will need to add the environment variables to the pipeline for the frontend. This will require a different pipeline for the FE for each environment so that a different docker image with the variables built in can be created per environment.

## Ideal deployment state.
Right now only the develop branch causes an automatic deployment.

My ideal pipline state is that the develop branch would deploy the image and run the command to have cloud run use it for both **Dev** and **Test**.

So whenever a dev merges a pr to develop it would auto deploy and be seen on dev and test.

Then when a dev merges into Master it would auto deploy and be seen on stage.

Prod would be a manual deploy.


